https://yuml.me/edit/ed973836

What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When I initialize a repository that directory becomes my project folder. I do it so that directory becomes a git repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	In the staging area it is possible to add files that you are able to be merged into the main project and all the changes made in the working directory will not afected the file added into the staging area.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	Using the stage area it is possible to "pre-commit" a file so it is possible to check each file and make sure that they're logical to commit at the same time.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	Using a branch means the every change made will not affect the main project, since only already tested and functional code are merged into the main branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Diagrams show how and when the branch was created.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	Merging two branches means that you are combining two versions of the same project, in other words, you are updating your project. We represent this in the diagram so we could keep a track of all modifications made.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	
	Automatic merging not always means that we have a working piece of code. And when we manually merge something it is possible to fix conflicts.

Commands:

git add  |    Add a file to the staging area
git commit  |    Commit the files from the staging area to the repository 
git status  |    Show which files are in the staging area, and which files from the working directory are not part of the repository    
git diff  |    Git diff without arguments is comparing the working directory with the staging area
git diff --staged  |    Compare the staging area with the repository
git reset --hard  |    Undo all changes! There is no rollback for this, so be carefull!
git checkout master  |    Restore the "Head" to the latest check-in (this will be part of a later lesson/module)
git log --graph --oneline <branch1> <branch2>  |    Show a visual representation of the commit history within different branches
git checkout -b new_branch_name  |    Creates a new branch and do a checkout on this branch in one call instead of git branch new_branch_name and git checkout new_branch_name
git merge branch1 branch2  |    Merge two branches, branch2 get merged into branch1
git branch -d name  |    Remove the branch with the specified name
git show commitId  |    Show the changes made in this commit compared to the previous version. This is working even after merging.
